docs(1.1.x) document new schema in Plugin Development Guide (#1206)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/1.1.x/auth.md

then there is no consumer to be identified, and only the credentials will be added in the forwarded headers.

The authentication method specific elements and examples can be found in each [plugin's documentation][plugins].

## Consumers

The easiest way to think about consumers is to map them one-on-one to users. Yet, to Kong this does not matter.
The core principle for consumers is that you can attach plugins to them, and hence customize request behaviour.
So you might have mobile apps, and define one consumer for each app, or version of it. Or have a consumer per
platform, e.g. an android consumer, an iOS consumer, etc.

It is an opaque concept to Kong and hence they are called "consumers" and not "users".

## Anonymous Access

Kong has the ability to configure a given Service to allow **both** authenticated **and** anonymous access.
You might use this configuration to grant access to anonymous users with a low rate-limit, and grant access
to authenticated users with a higher rate limit.

To configure a Service like this, you first apply your selected authentication plugin, then create a new

> consumer to represent anonymous users, then configure your authentication plugin to allow anonymous

Reviewer: ```suggestion
consumer to represent anonymous users, and finally, configure your authentication plugin to allow anonymous
```
